A P O E M. 395
--
miſt on the ſettled ſea. They glitter to the ſun,
but the mariners fear a ſtorm.

`` {Raise} my white ſails,” ſaid Ma-ronnan,
``raiſe them to the winds of the weſt. Let us
ruſh, O Aldo, through the foam of the northern
wave. We are forgot at the feaſt: but our arms
have been red in blood. Let us leave the hills
of Fingal, and ſerve the king of Sora. His
countenance is fierce. War darkens around his
ſpear. Let us be renowned, O Aldo, in the
battles of other lands!”

{They} took their ſwords, their ſhields of
thongs. They ruſhed to Lumar's reſounding
bay. They came to Sora's haughty king, the
chief of bounding ſteeds. Erragon had returned
from the chace. His ſpear was red in blood.
He bent his dark face to the ground: and
whiſtled as he went. He took the ſtrangers to
his feaſts: they fought and conquered in his
wars.

{Aldo} returned with his fame towards Sora's
lofty walls. From her tower looked the ſpouſe
of Erragon, the humid, rolling eyes of Lor-
ma. Her yellow hair flies on the wind of
ocean. Her white breaſt heaves, like ſnow on
heath; when the gentle winds ariſe, and ſlowly
move it in the light. She ſaw young Aldo, like
the beam of Sora's ſetting ſun. Her ſoft heart
--
ſighed.
5

