PREFACE. xiii
--

{One} of the chief improvements, on this
edition, is the care taken, in arranging the
poems in the order of time; ſo as to form a
kind of regular hiſtory of the age to which
they relate. The writer has now reſigned
them for ever to their fate. That they have
been well received by the public, appears from
an extenſive fale; that they ſhall continue to
be well received, he may venture to prophecy
without the gift of that inſpiration, to which
poets lay claim. Through the medium of ver-
ſion upon verſion, they retain, in foreign lan-
guages, their native character of ſimplicity
and energy. Genuine poetry, like gold, loſes
little, when properly transfuſed ; but when a
compoſition cannot bear the teſt of a literal
verſion, it is a counterfeit which ought not
to paſs current. The operation muſt, how-
ever, be performed with ſkilful hands. A
tranſlator, who cannot equal his original, is
incapable of expreſſing its beauties.

{London}, Aug. 15,
1773
&end;
--
