A P O E XM. 149
--
He ruſhed in the ſound of his ſteel. Unhappy
Colmal roſe. She followed her hero through
night, and dragged her ſpear behind. But when
Calthon came to Lona's rock, he ſound his fal-
len brother. The rage of his boſom roſe; he
ruſhed among the foe. The groans of death
aſcend. They cloſe around the chief. He is
bound in the midſt, and brought to gloomy
Dunthalmo. The ſhout of joy aroſe ; and the
hills of night replied.

{I started} at the ſound: and took my fa-
ther's ſpear. Diaran roſe at my ſide; and the
youthful ſtrength of Dargo. We miſſed the chief
of Clutha, and our ſouls were ſad. I dreaded
the departure of my fame. The pride of my
valour roſe! `` Sons of Morven,” I ſaid, `` it
is not thus our fathers fought. They reſted not
on the field of ſtrangers, when the foe was not
fallen before them. Their ſtrength was like the
eagles of heaven; their renown is in the ſong.
But our people fall by degrees. Our fame be-
gins to depart. What ſhall the king of Morven
ſay, if Oſſian conquers not at Teutha? Riſe in
your ſteel, ye warriors; follow the ſound of
Oſſian's courſe. He will not return, but re-
nowned, to the ecchoing walls of Selma.”

{Morning} roſe on the blue waters of Teutha.
Colmal ſtood before me in tears. She told of
--
L 3 tie

